.\" SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Peter Pentchev <roam@ringlet.net>
.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-2-Clause
.Dd December 16, 2023
.Dt VETOX 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm vetox
.Nd install Tox in a temporary virtual environment and run it
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl c Ar filename | Fl \-conf Ar filename
.Cm run
.Op Ar arg ...
.Nm
.Op Fl c Ar filename | Fl \-conf Ar filename
.Cm run-parallel
.Op Ar arg ...
.Nm
.Cm features
.Nm
.Cm version
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
tool creates a virtual environment, installs a suitable
version of Tox within it, and then runs
.Xr tox 1
with the specified arguments.
It does not use any modules outside of the Python standard library, so
it is suitable for use when testing with different Python versions.
.Pp
Note that the
.Nm
tool's main file, the
.Pa src/vetox/__main__.py
file in
the source distribution, may be copied into another project's source tree and
invoked using a Python 3.x interpreter.
.Pp
When invoking
.Nm tox ,
the
.Nm
tool will pass on the path to the
.Pa tox.ini
file if one is specified by the
.Fl c
option; otherwise, it will pass the path to the
.Pa tox.ini
file in the current working directory.
.Sh SUBCOMMANDS
.Ss features - display the list of features supported by the program
The
.Nm
.Cm features
subcommand outputs a single line consisting of the string
.Dq Features:
followed by a list of
.Dq name=value
pairs in the format expected by the
.Xr feature-check 1
tool.
The currently supported list of features is as follows:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It * tox
At version 0.1, indicate that the
.Nm
tool can invoke
.Nm tox .
.It * tox-parallel
At version 0.1, indicate that the
.Nm
tool can invoke
.Nm tox
via the
.Cm run-parallel
subcommand.
.It * vetox
Show the version of the
.Nm
tool itself.
.El
.Ss run - install Tox in a virtual environment, run the tests sequentially
The
.Nm
.Cm run
subcommand creates a Python virtual environment in a temporary directory,
installs a suitable version of
.Nm tox
within it
.Po
as indicated by the
.Va tox.min_version
setting in the
.Pa tox.ini
file
.Pc ,
and then invokes its
.Cm run
command to run tests one by one.
Any additional arguments are passed on to
.Nm tox
so that e.g. only some test environments may be run, etc.
.Ss run-parallel - install Tox in a virtual environment, run the tests in parallel
The
.Nm
.Cm run-parallel
subcommand creates a Python virtual environment in a temporary directory,
installs a suitable version of
.Nm tox
within it
.Po
as indicated by the
.Va tox.min_version
setting in the
.Pa tox.ini
file
.Pc ,
and then invokes its
.Cm run
command to run tests in parallel.
Any additional arguments are passed on to
.Nm tox
so that e.g. only some test environments may be run, etc.
.Ss version - display the vetox version
The
.Nm
.Cm version
subcommand outputs the version of the
.Nm
tool and then exits.
.Sh FILES
The
.Nm
tool examines the
.Pa tox.ini
file
.Po
either the one in the current working directory, or the one specified by the
.Fl c
command-line option
.Pc
to determine the version of
.Nm tox
to install in the temporary virtual environment.
.Sh EXAMPLES
Run
.Nm tox
in an ephemeral virtual environment, use the
.Pa tox.ini
file found in the current working directory, run all the default
Tox environments in parallel:
.Pp
.Dl vetox run-parallel
.Pp
Same, but pass some environment selection options to Tox:
.Pp
.Dl vetox run-parallel -- -e first,second
.Pp
Use the
.Pa tox.ini
file in the parent directory, run the test environments sequentially,
one by one:
.Pp
.Dl vetox -c ../tox.ini run
.Pp
Display the version of the
.Nm
tool:
.Pp
.Dl vetox version
.Pp
Display the list of features supported by the
.Nm
tool in a format
compatible with the
.Nm feature-check
tool:
.Pp
.Dl vetox features
.Pp
If the
.Pa src/vetox/__main__.py
file was copied to another project, it may be used to run that project's
test suite:
.Pp
.Dl python3 tests/vetox.py run-parallel
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr tox 1
.Sh AUTHORS
The
.Nm
tool is developed by
.An Peter Pentchev
.Aq roam@ringlet.net .
